CrowdStrike Falcon - fix cs-falcon-run-script command (#21999)
demisto/content: Packs/CrowdStrikeFalcon/ReleaseNotes/1_9_8.md

#### Integrations
##### CrowdStrike Falcon

> - fixed an issue where command **cs-falcon-run-script** didn't failed if there was STD errors in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fixed an issue where command **cs-falcon-run-script** displayed a success message even though the command failed.
```
